# cloud-project
The concept for this project is to increase evaporation from the ocean to create more fresh water. Pulling fresh water out of the ocean is too damn energy inefficient and damnit the ocean is hoarding all the water (mostly our fault). I don't care about the consequences of terraforming, let someone else figure that out. The general idea is to heat the ocean to evaporation temperatures and leverage the already existing water cycle. It rests on two main algorithms:
  
1. Sun Finder Algorithm
  Initially this was going to be a novel device that could determine the position of the sun using some light detecting mechanism (this may already exist), but the more I thought of the concept the more I thought either this has already been done or the kind of biomechanical device I'd think of would be too complicated to create in a cost efficient way. And then I thought, wait a minute, math! Fields of astrophysics have been determining the positions of planets and stars for centuries so there's no reason why we shouldn't be able to determine with relative accuracy the position of the Sun in the sky from any coordinate on Earth or in space (this may also already exist).

2. Lens Focus Algorithm
  The other key piece of this project is a grid of magnifying lenses that will direct sunlight to a single point or a series of points to encourage evaporation. Once the sun finder algorithm can determine the position of the sun and there exists a mechanism in place to position the angle and tilt of a lens, then with the height of the lens from the water there should be a way to mathmatically determine how multiple lenses in a series can combine their sunlight towards points on the water's surface. This would be much easier to describe in pictures, but I am not an artist.

This is the first time I've put the thoughts to paper, but I've thought over this concept for a few years now, initially considering a glass dome that might capture the output fresh water, but there are many flaws with that which would make it infeasible. A series of magnifying lenses on the water's surface open to the air should be a more feasible idea. I really consider the lack of fresh water to be a major concern for humanity, our world has so much water but very little of which we can currently leverage and our need has made us bleed aquafers and ground water dry, and of course we just dump the waste water in to the ocean.
